docs - sql logic (#22460)
metabase/metabase: docs/users-guide/12-data-model-reference.md

![Column detail](images/data-reference-column-detail.png)

### Foreign keys

> You can find a list of connections to other tables (i.e., [foreign key](/glossary/foreign_key) relationships) under **Connected to these tables**. This section will be displayed in the sidebar if there’s a column in the table you’re looking at that’s included in another table. Note that connections are managed by your Metabase admin. If a foreign key relationship exists in your database, but not in your Metabase, your Metabase admin will need to update your [Metabase data model](../administration-guide/03-metadata-editing.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a list of connections to other tables (i.e., [foreign key](/glossary/foreign_key) relationships) under **Connected to these tables**. If there’s a column in the table you’re looking at that’s included in another table, Metabase will display this section in the sidebar . Note that connections are managed by your Metabase admin. If a foreign key relationship exists in your database, but not in your Metabase, your Metabase admin will need to update your [Metabase data model](../administration-guide/03-metadata-editing.md).
```
